---
title: withFirebase
---

The `withFirebase` function is a higher-order component that injects a
`firebase` prop into the component given to it as an argument. The
`firebase` prop provides access to methods for interacting with
various Firebase services like Firestore and Authentication.

# Import

```jsx
import { withFirebase } from '@staqjs/client'
```

# API

The `firebase` prop supplied by `withFirebase` supports the following
properties.

## doCreateUserWithEmailAndPassword

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">(email: string, password: string) => Promise&lt;object&gt;</pre>

This function takes an email and password and uses the Firebase
[Password-Based
Accounts](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/web/password-auth) API
to create a new user. It returns a Promise which contains the new user
if successful, and an error if unsuccessful.


## doSignInWithEmailAndPassword

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">(email: string, password: string) => Promise&lt;UserCredential&gt;</pre>

This function takes an email and password and uses the Firebase
[Password-Based
Accounts](https://firebase.google.com/docs/auth/web/password-auth) API
to authenticate the user with the given email and password. The method
returns a Promise which, if the authentication is successful, contains
a
[UserCredential](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/js/firebase.auth#usercredential),
and if not successful, and an error if the login was not successful.


## doSignOut

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">() => Promise&lt;void&gt;</pre>

This function signs the user out.


## doPasswordReset

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">(email: string) => Promise&lt;void&gt;</pre>

This function sends a password reset email to the given email address
by calling the
[sendPasswordResetEmail](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/js/firebase.auth.Auth#sendpasswordresetemail)
method of Firebase Auth.


## doPasswordUpdate

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">(newPassword: string) => Promise&lt;void&gt;</pre>

This function updates the user's password by calling the
[updatePassword](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/js/firebase.User#updatepassword)
method of the currently signed in user.


## doSendEmailVerification

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">(newPassword: string) => Promise&lt;void&gt;</pre>

This function sends a verification email to the currently signed in
user. The [BaseUrl](/api/init-staq#baseurl) Staq.js configuration
parameter is used for the callback link.


## onAuthUserListener

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">(next: function, fallback: function) => Promise&lt;void&gt;</pre>

This function sets up a listener for changes in the authentication
state of the current user. When a sign in is successful, the listener
will call `next` and pass in the `currentUser` object.

When the current user is signed out, this function will call
`fallback` with no arguments.


## user

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">(uid: string) => DocumentReference</pre>

Returns a
[DocumentReference](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/js/firebase.firestore.DocumentReference)
to the document at path `uid` in the `users` collection.


## users

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">() => CollectionReference</pre>

Returns a
[CollectionReference](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/js/firebase.firestore.CollectionReference)
to the `users` collection.


## collection

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">(collectionName: string) => CollectionReference</pre>

Returns a
[CollectionReference](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/js/firebase.firestore.CollectionReference)
to the collection named by `collectionName`.


## collectionForUser

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">(collectionName: string, uid: string) => Query&lt;T&gt;</pre>

Returns a
[Query](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/js/firebase.firestore.Query)
that resolves to documents in the collection given by `collectionName`
that have a `uid` property equal to the given `uid`.


## document

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">(collectionName: string, documentId: string) => DocumentReference</pre>

Returns a
[DocumentReference](https://firebase.google.com/docs/reference/js/firebase.firestore.DocumentReference)
for the document in `collectionName` having `documentId`.


## addDocumentForUser

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">(uid: string, collectionName: string, document: object) => Promise&lt;DocumentReference&gt;</pre>

Adds the given document to the collection given by `collectionName`,
and injects a "uid" property and sets the value to `uid`.


## updateDocument

**type:** function

**signature:** <pre style="display: inline; font-size: 14px;">(collectionName: string, documentId: string, updateFields: object) => Promise&lt;DocumentReference&gt;</pre>

Sets the fields given by `updateFields` in the document having ID
equal to `documentId`, in the collection given by `collectionName`.